---
slug: about
type: post
date: 2020-05-05T02:20:32.879Z
title: About Chi
author: Chi
postImage: img/fullsizeoutput_b99.jpeg
metaDescription: >-
  Hi, I'm Chi! I'd like to tell you something about myself :))

  Let's start from the boring part of my biography. I was born in Osaka and have lived there up to the age of 14 with my family. My life was completely ordinary like any other teenagers until I decided to leave this peaceful world...
category: About us
---
Let's start from the boring part of my biography. I was born in Osaka and have lived there up to the age of 14 with my family. My life was completely ordinary like any other teenagers until I decided to leave this peaceful world... It all started when English was introduced at school. This was when I was 13 years old. I couldn't distinguish between 'b' and 'd', or 'p' and 'r'. The alphabet letters looked the same to me. I did not understand why we as Japanese needed to learn a foreign language then. But something changed once I started getting it more and more. My enthursiasm for learning English became stronger, as I studied harder. Eventually, I did not want to go to a local school but to live somewhere I would be surrounded by native English speakers 24/7! What a change from not knowing any alphabets to wanting to live in a English speaking land.\
\
The first time I visited New Zealand was when I was 13 and fell in love with the nature and laidback lifestyle. The following year, I quickly decided to move over to New Zealand to learn English. Throughout my high school years, I lived in a boarding house, several homestays and also in a flat. While living with a number of students from all over the world, I was able to compare and view the positive and negative sides of Japanese culture, society and lifestyle. Being away from home for years led me to realise how small I am in the world but at the same time how much I can influence people as a representative of Japan to those who live in New Zealand. Soon after graduating from high school, I knew I wanted to continue studying at University in New Zealand. I am a big foodie and interested in health so simply chose to chase after my passion to study nutrition.

When things were going well for me at University, I had a snowboarding accident on a winter trip from the University hall that I do not remember a single thing about and woke up confused in the hospital next day. I was badly concussed and suffered from constant migraines for over a year. I did not know then that this accident would change my decisions later on my path. Despite of the biggest head injury in my life so far, I was able to complete my bachelor degree in 4 years. With all the support I received from people around me, I was able to get up even when things got tough. As a university student, I do not remember having a day off from my busy lifestyle apart from the time I was recovering from my injury.

Post-graduation, I continued to work in hospitality industry for one year and soon after that I decided to change my path to study a bachelor of nursing. Since my head injury, I had been reminded how much nurses care for patients. When my last grandmother passed away, I felt a strong desire to care for those who need help. With a nursing career, I hoped to help people in the future. However, the training consisted of constant emotionally draining moments, with which I extremely struggled to cope.

After completing the first year of my nursing training, I decided to take a gap year to reset my mind and broaden my view. I traveled around Europe and worked in Germany, where I was able to remind myself the beauty of learning a new language and a joy of engaging with local people and culture. Why I enjoyed my gap year so much was because I made time for what I enjoyed such as working at a friendly café, biking to interesting spots in Berlin, dancing in Spain and traveling around Europe whenever I had enough money to get by! The past and the future did not matter to me then because I simply enjoyed waking up each morning and exploring my new day! My gap year in Europe widened my view towards the world and I started to question myself whether I was really following my dream and passion, “What do I really enjoy?”.

After returning to New Zealand, I experienced the biggest culture shock as well as the struggles to focus on my full-time study and a part time working life. The last couple of years of my nursing training were the toughest periods of my life. It certainly was not smooth and straightforward but was rather a bumpy road for me. However, it definitely has taught me life lessons and gave me an opportunity to realise my true lifetime values.

I have worked part time at a developmental disability childcare center. This particular work was not straightforward, as I had no interaction with disability children in the former times. I have not just learned a lot about children with development disability but it was an eye-opening opportunity for me to learn about new skills and knowledge, including Japanese society especially the work environment and child behavior as well. It was rewarding to be able to contribute my time, skills and energy into the minority group of children within the society.

Currently, I am enjoying my life style in Kyoto. Going to a shrine to get spring water in early morning or doing morning yoga and drinking a hand-drip coffee while doing office work are my favorite time of the day. Also baking bread and creating a nutritious dish for lunch and dinner are also very relaxing activities for me. Working less may bring less money and this may stress out some people but at least for us, working less means more time and thus more FREEDOM. ‘TIME’ is something you cannot buy from anyone nor anywhere and is something we value a lot. There is so much freedom in life when we choose to live so. It is not always easy to make things as you wish but it is also not impossible to make that happen. I believe that good things will always come with your effort and time. We are taking small steps to get closer to our future goals at the moment. We appreciate each day and enjoy each moment that we will never get back.